refactor: Move some types (not yet exposed to clients) into internal_types (#1015)
influxdata/influxdb_iox: data_types/README.md

# Data Tpes

> This crate contains structs that are designed for external consumption (in `influxdb_iox_client` and other "client" facing uses).

Author: 🤦

> *Client facing* in this case means exposed via management API or CLI and where changing the structs may require addiitonal coordiation / organization with clients.

Reviewer: coordiation :grinning:

Author: ```suggestion
*Client facing* in this case means exposed via management API or CLI and where changing the structs may require additional coordination / organization with clients.
```

Thanks -- sorry about the myriad of typos. Time to turn on flyspell I suppose
